What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initailize a repository .git (hidden) folder gets created, which contains metadata about the tracking
of files. git init is the command used to initialize a repository. This command doesn't commit anything yet, it
just puts in the information required to track any future commits to that folder.
git status command tells us the status of the current commit - tracked, untracked files, files modified from the
last commit.
'Initial commit' comment in the status log signifies that we still need to make the first commit.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is an intermediate area between working dir and repo; git add command adds the untracked files to staging
area and with a git commit command all the files in the staging area are committed to the repo. Files in staging area
are still not tracked.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
We can use git diff command to check the differences between the working directory and staging area.
And git diff --staged to check the differences between the staging area and repository.
After making all the modifications in the working directory pertaining to one logical change, we can use git diff command
to go over all the changes at once. Once we are confident we can add these files to the staging area; and compare them with
the current repo version - we would see the same differences as above.
Using git commit we can move all changes to the current repo.
git reset --hard command resets any changes added to the staging area. It brings back the files to the state when the last commit
was executed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Lets say three developers are working on some new features which are completely independent, they all can create, checkout
and work on their own branches, complete all the logical changes needed for their functionality and commit without disturbing the
working main copy.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams give us the child parent relation between the branches and help us to trace back to the most initial commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging two branched together will have all the commit changes of both the branches
git diff <commit-id> will show the diffs b/w the commit-id and its parent
git checkout -b <branch-name> commands checks out the current master to a branch named <branch-name>


git show <commit-id> command shows the differences between commit-id version and its parent.
After merging lets say we want to delete the branch (not a hard delete, but it just deletes the label, we would still have all the changes)
git branch -d easy-mode command is used to delete the easy-mode branch label

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
When two developers are modifying the same file and if they are adding two different functions to that file then we can completely rely on 
automatic merging since both the functions are needed at the end for both the functionalities to work.
But when both devs are trying to add same functionality, we might need to check with both of them to decide on which one to finally keep.
git merge master easy-mode command is used to merge the master and easy-mode branches
This merge, as said before, creates a new commit and that will be our new master.


